---
layout: post
title: My post
---

This is my first post.
[05.08.2020]

Today I woke up at 11am. Having working rather hard late yesterday to earlier today, I had a rather relaxed time getting ready, having brunch with my parents in order to prepare for the work/study session.
An overwhelming urge to be lazy, to procrastinate from doing what I am told myself that I should do, after watching two more Math sessions, I lazed around for a few hours surfing Youtube, Facebook and LinkedIn (a sizeable amount of time when doing concentrating works and a fleetingly short amount when you are not focused on what you would see). The short-term pleasure quickly turns into a feeling of self-loathing and discouraging. I once again see how much people are doing with their lives, how talented they are and then asked myself how I am able to measure up. The journey seems daunting.
Then I finally sit at my desk to start doing some work at almost 5 pm. After only around 30mins of viewing material for the 3rd module for the 1st block of my coming semester as a master student, I start worrying about my Singtel account, then my bank account arrangement. That quickly escalates to me lodging a request to Singtel, followed by way to update my personal information (address and phone number) to my particulars in Vietnam. Then I looked at my stock account, seeing how much loss I made, seeing that should I prop my lazy self to study a bit a more and invest back in Mar-Apr 2020 I could have made a gain that could greatly support me financially in the past few months being unemployed. There are so much things that I should have done, so much regrets, which make me loath myself so much…
There I see my mom and my dad, and I just realized I need them so much for emotional support. One goes through this entirely life either being successful or not, what is really mattered is not whether the realization of those ambition but rather the love and support of your loved one, starting from your family to your network of friends and acquaintance. Yes, what is most important in life is your health, emotional than physical.  It is when you seem to be rather well-provided for in this regards that you often take them for granted, aimlessly searching those far-off “big aspiration” and in turn cause yourself to always unsatisfied and unhappy.
I know I am just an imperfect lazy human being, I am greedy, I want outstanding glory, which, more often than not, I have not dedicated sufficient time to achieve. However, the only to get me out of the rut of feeling why I have wasted away such part of my life is taking the first step, however small, toward the path I want, and continue to do it consistently. 
Journey in life: Humility, loving manner, kindness and persistent in everything you do and always try to be compassionate by thinking for other people.
